you have a muscle that you can use to
have your penis flop up and down you all
know what i'm talking about
penis-flopping muscle
yeah so this is a meditation someone
someone's asking a meditation that helps
with no fat this is this will do that
okay
so what i'm going to teach y'all is a
mulat chakra meditation
so the muladhara chakra is the root
chakra and remember that in the like the
kundalini system
there's this idea that we have these
seven major chakras which are like
energy hubs
and that each chakra governs a
particular like attribute hormonal
psychological spiritual whatever
so for example um
[Music]
i do third eye or agna chakra
meditations i've been doing them for
about 17 years i have like a consistent
practice that i do and i believe it
helps me become a good psychiatrist so
my intuition so the agna chakra governs
intuition and understanding so my
intuition is pretty good and i lean on
that pretty heavily when i'm talking to
other human beings now do i think that
this is some kind of like mystical like
life hack or like spiritual hack
universe kind of stuff maybe i don't
really know but i think that what's
plausible and we have good evidence of
this is that different meditation
techniques
actually create different changes in the
brain so we know that different
meditation techniques will have
different eeg
readings so the electrical activity
is actually specific to the kind of
meditation technique that you do we also
have functional mri studies which looks
at blood flow to the brain and we know
from those studies that doing different
kinds of techniques will actually send
blood flow to different parts of our
brain
so my understanding as a scientist
is that essentially what people sort of
figured out is that like if you meditate
in a particular way it probably
stimulates a particular part of your
brain and
in some way so that's the best example
that's the best scientific hypothesis i
can come up with there actually is not
any evidence to that it's just
a hypothesis okay
so that being said we'll talk about i'll
give you guys just a couple of examples
so we do third eye practices like
charging the laser beam and then if you
guys have emotional digestion issues you
can do money board practices navel
chakra or agni oriented practices agni
is our metabolic fire so it takes things
it digests stuff
so for people who are who have trauma
and are trying to like digest their
trauma and move on i'll teach them navel
chakra or manipura chakra practices and
they seem to work really well i will not
teach them mindfulness mindfulness bad
idea for people with trauma and so now
what i'm going to teach you guys is some
muladhara root chakra practices
and the goal of these practices is that
the root chakra governs our impulsive
behavior and our animalistic instincts
it also um
governs like sexual impulsive like
sexual behavior and lustful thoughts
so we do know uh actually like so
there's actually good evidence of what
i'm about to share this is not what i
would recommend there's a particular
asan or or posture that i like to call
the nut buster asan
which is one where you press your heel
into the space between your so you sit
cross-legged but you kind of press your
heel
into the space between your scrotum and
your anus the taint and the interesting
thing is that you meditate in that
posture and what that's supposed to do
is like
take care of your muladhara chakra so
there's an interesting physiologic
reason for that is that the blood supply
to your gonads if you're male
is actually goes through the taint so
it's kind of like in the bottom so when
you press your heel there and you sit in
that posture what it actually probably
does physiologically is com restricts
the blood flow to your your testes and
then reduces
like it's almost like a temporary slight
like castration kind of effect right so
these are practices that you should
absolutely not do i'm just using it to
illustrate that there is some
physiologic evidence
that these kinds of practices do appear
to affect like lustfulness right so
that's not the one that we're gonna do
self vasectomy absolutely not vasectomy
is a completely different part of the
body
completely different
so there does seem to be some
physiologic evidence to support the
theories that the yogis did so we're not
gonna do that when i don't recommend it
so instead of what we're gonna do is a
very simple one which is uh essentially
it's gonna be hard to describe but
if you're a man
you have a muscle that you can use to
have your penis flop up and down you all
know what i'm talking about
penis-flopping muscle
okay
yep
so kegels pelvic floor exercises for
women
so what we're going to do is just
flex that muscle so what we're going to
do is breathe in and kind of flex it
contract hold
and then relax
okay so we'll do rounds of that kegels
so what you'll also notice is that it's
usually combined with the same muscle
that contracts the anus so you'll sort
of notice a universal tightening there
um and then the uh the muscle is also
used to prevent or stop the flow of
urine once it flows
okay
i know look chat so this is i know that
things are mimicked you guys understand
that like we're actually trying to teach
y'all something right like
like i i don't know how else to say this
i'm not trying to be obscene and if you
know if we get banned for this i'll
learn my lesson but
like
like so i'm a medical doctor and one of
the things that you learn as a medical
doctor is like we have a human body
right and like the penis vagina scrotum
are all
parts of our body
they're just parts of our body just like
our fingers and toes and eyes and nose
and so there are practices that involve
those parts of body just like our
stomach and like we don't have to be
like you know kindergarteners but
penis
i mean i i sort of i mean i personally
find it funny too so i get where you all
are coming from but like let's try to do
the practice a little bit seriously okay
so
oh my god what have i done
chad oh my god
i just had a realization of what the
stream has been like
okay whatever let's just focus
let's focus on our penis push-ups chat
okay so for women there's contraction
you can also kind of think a little bit
about
what you would do when you are trying to
stop the flow of urine through your
urethra and so you'll kind of have
a contraction there
if you know how to do kegel exercises
it's basically like the moonlit practice
so what i tend to find is that
so if you guys know the muscle we're
going to contract it so we're going to
breathe in and we're going to contract
at the same time
and what i want you all to kind of
imagine is like when you contract you'll
feel
it's like you're squeezing like the
bottom of like you know
some like a bag of fluid and then like
the fluid is going to go up right so
what i want you guys to imagine is
you're sending like the energy you're
going to feel that tension and energy
down there you're going to send it up
okay
so we're going to breathe in contract
and then exhale and relax
breathe in contract exhale and relax
okay so we'll go ahead and do nine
rounds with our eyes closed
so go ahead and
close your eyes
take a deep breath in
contract
and exhale
[Music]
in
and relax
so contract with the exhalation that's
round two we're gonna do seven more in
going for four
round five
now
round six
and out
round
seven eight
and out
last round
now we're just going to relax
spend about 60 seconds
you can go into a different meditation
practice if you want to
or just observe your breath chant a
mantra charge your laser beam
you can do another kind of breathing
practice if you'd like
but take a moment to just notice the
relaxation
of your pelvic and genital area
will meditate silently for about 60 to
90 more seconds
me
now go ahead and
come on back
that sounds kind of weird but
in all seriousness maybe
trucker practices are what we're going
to need to protect ourselves from the
waifu revolution
because don't get me wrong chat there's
someone out there i was about to use the
word degenerate
it was dreaming up how to make the waifu
experience more real
but instead of degenerate maybe we will
say visionary one day
right because there's something about
hostess clubs only fans
waifu video games virtual reality haptic
feedback
some of that
is gonna come together
gotta be careful